---
title: Privacy Policy
component: ContentPage
---

1. Who We Are.

1.1 EventHi.

Welcome to EventHi! EventHi is the world's first cannabis ticketing and
event registration platform. Discover events, buy tickets and
sponsorships, or create your own event and meet people with a shared
interest. Through our platform, we help bring people together to
experience cannabis in a safe and social space.

1.2 The Services; Responsible Party.

EventHi's websites and domains, including www.eventhi.io, and any other
webpages, subdomains, country level domain variants that link or refer
to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our "Site"), all of the services
available on or through the Site or otherwise provided by us (including
our application programming interfaces) we offered, maintained and
provided by EventHi. We refer to all of these as our "Services." 

EventHi, Inc. is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of
business at 4410 Glacier Ave, Suite 106 San Diego, CA 92120, ("EventHi,"
"us," "we" or "our"). Is the responsible party or data controller with
respect to Personal Data (defined below) collected through the Services.


If you have any questions or concerns at any time, please do not
hesitate to contact us at the address above or by contacting us.

1.3 Disclaimer & Acknowledgment.

EVENTH IS NOT A MEDICAL CANNABIS COLLECTIVE OR COOPERATIVE
("DISPENSARY") AND DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY CANNABIS SERVICES TO MEDICAL,
RECREATIONAL CANNABIS USERS. EVENTHI DOES NOT PROVIDE OR SELL CANNABIS
TO ITS USERS.IT IS THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE ORGANIZER TO OFFER
STATE LAW COMPLIANT EVENT, WHICH MAY BE LOCATED, SCHEDULED, AND
COORDINATED THROUGH USE OF THE APPLICATION OR SERVICES.

1.4 Users. 

Through the Services, EventHi provides a simple and quick means for
registered users who are event Organizers, planners and charitable
organizations ("Organizers") to create event registration, speaker
profile, Organizer profile, fundraising and other webpages related to
their events, to promote those pages and events to visitors or browsers
of the Services and to sell tickets and registrations (or issue free
registrations), solicit donations, to users who wish to make purchases,
registrations or donations from or to such events (including to free
events) ("Attendees")("Sponsors"). We refer to Organizers, Attendees,
Sponsors, and other visitors and browsers of the Services collectively
as "Users" or "you."

2\. Our Privacy Statement.

2.1 Application.

This Privacy Policy sets forth our policy with respect to information
that can be associated with or which relates to a person and/or could be
used to identify a person ("Personal Data") that is collected from Users
on or through the Services. \"Non-Personal Data\" as used in this
Privacy Policy is, therefore, any information that does not relate to a
person and/or cannot be used to identify a person. We take the privacy
of your Personal Data seriously. Because of that, we have created this
Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy as it includes important
information regarding your Personal Data and other information.

When you interact with the Services, we may also collect Non-Personal
Data. The limitations and requirements in this Privacy Policy on our
collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage/retention of Personal
Data do not apply to Non-Personal Data.

3\. Personal Data That We Collect.

When you use or interact with us through the Services, we may collect
Personal Data, as further described below: 

3.1 All Users. 

Information you provide to us: For all Users, we collect Personal Data
when you voluntarily provide such information to the Services, such as
when you register for access to the Services, contact us with inquiries,
respond to one of our surveys or browse or use certain parts of the
Services. The Personal Data we may collect includes without limitation
your name, address, email address and other information that enables
Users to be personally identified. 

Information we automatically collect: We also automatically collect
certain technical data that is sent to us from the computer, mobile
device and/or browser through which you access the Services ("Automatic
Data"). Automatic Data, includes without limitation, a unique identifier
associated with your access device and/or browser (including, for
example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address) characteristics about your
access device and/or browser, statistics on your activities on the
Services, information about how you came to the Services and data
collected through Cookies, Pixel Tags, Local Shared Objects, Web Storage
and other similar technologies.

When you register for the Services or otherwise submit Personal Data to
us, we may associate other Non-Personal Data (including Non-Personal
Data we collect from third parties) with your Personal Data. At such
instance, we will treat any such combined data as Personal Data until
such time as it can no longer be associated with you or used to identify
you. 

3.2 Organizers. 

As an Organizer, we will collect additional Personal Data from you. 

Information you provide to us: In some cases, we may collect your credit
card information (e.g., your credit card number and expiration date,
billing address, etc.), some of which may constitute Personal Data, to
secure certain payments. In addition, if you use our payment processing
services, we will collect financial information from you (e.g., your
bank account information or an address to send checks) as necessary to
facilitate payments and information required for tax purposes (e.g.,
your taxpayer identification number). Information we obtain from other
sources: We may also collect or receive Personal Data from third party
sources, such as third-party websites, your bank, our payment processing
partners and credit reporting agencies. 

3.3 Attendees. 

As an Attendee, we will collect additional Personal Data from you. 

Information you provide to us: If you register for a paid event, we will
collect financial information from you (e.g., your credit card number
and expiration date, billing address, etc.) some of which may constitute
Personal Data. In addition, Organizers can set up event registration
pages to collect virtually any information from Attendees in connection
with registration for an Organizer's event listed on the Services. If an
Attendee voluntarily provides that information in connection with
registration for an event or otherwise, it will be available to us and
will be held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In addition,
such information will be delivered to the Organizer of the applicable
event in accordance with "How We Disclose and Transfer Your Personal
Data: Organizers" below. 

Information we obtain from other sources: We may also collect or receive
Personal Data from third party sources, such as Organizers, other
Attendees, social media or other third-party integrations, your credit
card issuing bank, our payment processing partners or other third
parties.

4\. How We Use Your Personal Data.

We collect and use the Personal Data we collect in a manner that is
consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may use the Personal Data as
follows: 

4.1 Specific Reason. 

If you provide Personal Data for a certain purpose, we may use the
Personal Data in connection with the purpose for which it was provided.
For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the Personal Data
you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem and will
respond to the email address from which the contact came. 

4.2 Access and Use. 

If you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to or use of the
Services or any functionality thereof, we will use your Personal Data to
provide you with access to or use of the Services or functionality and
to monitor your use of such Services or functionality. For instance, if
you supply Personal Data relating to your identity or qualifications to
use certain portions of the Services, we will use that information to
make a decision as to granting you access to use such Services and to
monitor your ongoing qualification to use such Services. 

4.3 Internal Business Purposes. 

We may use your Personal Data for internal business purposes, including
without limitation, to help us improve the content and functionality of
the Services, to better understand our Users, to improve the Services,
to protect against, identify or address wrongdoing, to enforce our Terms
of Service, to manage your account and provide you with customer
service, and to generally manage the Services and our business. 

4.4 Marketing. 

Where it is in accordance with your marketing preferences, we may use
your Personal Data to contact you in the future for our marketing and
advertising purposes, including without limitation, to inform you about
services or events we believe might be of interest to you, to develop
promotional or marketing materials and provide those materials to you,
and to display content and advertising on or off the Services that we
believe might be of interest to you. In particular, Organizers should
note that we may use information we receive or collect regarding
Attendees (including without limitation via an Organizer's event
registration page) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy,
including in the manner set forth above. 

4.6 Other Purposes. 

If we intend to use any Personal Data in any manner that is not
consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such
anticipated use prior to or at the time the Personal Data is collected
or we will obtain your consent subsequent to such collection but prior
to such use.

5\. How We Disclose And Transfer Your Personal Data.

5.1 No Sale.

We are not in the business of selling your Personal Data. We consider
this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you.
Therefore, we will not sell your Personal Data to third parties,
including third party advertisers. There are, however, certain
circumstances in which we may disclose, transfer or share your Personal
Data with

certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below.


5.2 Business Transfers. 

As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets.
In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or
similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. You
acknowledge and agree that any successor to or acquirer of EventHi (or
its assets) will continue to have the right to use your Personal Data
and other information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy
Policy. 

5.3 Parent Companies, Subsidiaries, and Affiliates. 

We may also share your Personal Data with our parent companies,
subsidiaries and/or affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy
Policy. Our parent companies, subsidiaries, and affiliates will be bound
to maintain that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

5.4 Agents, Consultants and Service Providers. 

We may share your Personal Data with our contractors and service
providers who process Personal Data on behalf of EventHi to perform
certain business-related functions. These companies include our
marketing agencies, database service providers, backup and disaster
recovery service providers, email service providers and others. When we
engage another company to perform such functions, we may provide them
with information, including Personal Data, in connection with their
performance of such functions. 

5.6 Facebook and Other Third Party Connections. 

You can connect your EventHi account to your accounts on third party
services like Facebook, in which case we may collect, use, disclose,
transfer and store/retain information relating to your account with such
third-party services in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For
example, if you connect with Facebook, we store your Facebook id, first
name, last name, email, location, friends list and profile picture and
use them to connect with your Facebook account to provide certain
functionality on the Services, like recommending events that your
Facebook friends are interested in and sharing the events you are
interested in or attending, with certain groups of people like your
Facebook friends. 

5.7 Legal Requirements.

We may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law in order
to (for example) respond to a subpoena or request from law enforcement,
a court or a government agency (including in response to public
authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements),
or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply
with a legal obligation, (b) protect or defend our rights, interests or
property or that of third parties, (c) prevent or investigate possible
wrongdoing in connection with the Services, (d) act in urgent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of Users of the Services or
the public, or (e) protect against legal liability.

6\. How We Store Your Personal Data.

We may store Personal Data itself, or such information may be stored by
third parties to whom we have transferred it in accordance with this
Privacy Policy. We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to
protect the Personal Data collected via the Services from loss, misuse,
unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and
destruction. However, no network, server, database or Internet or e-mail
transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, you should
take special care in deciding what information you send to us
electronically. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal
Data.

7\. How You Can Access, Update, Correct or Delete Your Personal Data.

You can request access to some of your Personal Data being stored by us.
You can also ask us to correct, update or delete any inaccurate Personal
Data that we process about them. 

If you are a registered User, you can exercise these rights by logging
in and visiting the My Account page. Both registered and unregistered
Users may also exercise these rights contact us directly through our
support center or at the address specified below. 

We will consider and respond to all requests in accordance with
applicable law.

8\. How Long We Retain Your Personal Data.

We may retain your Personal Data as long as you are registered to use
the Services. You may close your account by contacting us. However, we
may retain Personal Data for an additional period as is permitted or
required under applicable laws. Even if we delete your Personal Data, it
may persist on backup or archival media for an additional period of time
for legal, tax or regulatory reasons or for legitimate and lawful
business purposes.

9\. Cookies, Pixels Tags, Local Shared Objects, Web Storage And Similar
Technologies.

Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information about our use of
cookies and other similar tracking technologies.

10\. Your Choices.

You have several choices available when it comes to your Personal Data:


10.2 Opt Out from Electronic Communications. 

\(a) EventHi Marketing Communications. 

Where it is in accordance with your marketing preferences, EventHi may
send you electronic communications marketing or advertising the Services
themselves or events on the Services, to the extent you have registered
for the Services or purchased a ticket and/or registration to an event
listed on the Services. You can also "opt out" of receiving these
electronic communications by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link at the
bottom of page. In addition, you may also manage your email preferences
at any time by logging in (or signing up and then logging in), clicking
on "Account" and then "Email Preferences." 

\(d) Transactional or Responsive Communications. 

Certain electronic communications from EventHi are responsive to your
requests. For instance, if you are an Attendee, we must email you your
ticket or registration when you purchase such ticket or registration. As
a further example, if you email our customer support department, we will
return your email. Notwithstanding any unsubscribe election that you
have made, you will still receive these emails. You can stop receiving
these types of emails only by contacting us. By electing to stop
receiving all electronic communications from us or through our system
you will no longer receive any updates on events, you have created
(including pay-out issues), or on events, you are registered to attend
(including emails with your tickets). We do not recommend that you do
this unless you plan to no longer use the Services, are not currently
registered for an event, are not currently organizing an event and will
have no need to receive further communications from us or through our
system. 

\(e) Retention.

It may take up to forty-eight (48) hours for us to process an
unsubscribe request. Even after you opt out of all electronic
communications, we will retain your Personal Data in accordance with
this Privacy Policy, however, we will no longer use it to contact you.
However, Organizers who have received your Personal Data in accordance
with this Privacy Policy may still use that Personal Data to contact you
in accordance with their own privacy policies, but they may not use our
system to do so. 

10.3 Do Not Track.

We currently do not participate in any "Do Not Track" frameworks that
would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you
regarding the collection of your Personal Data.

11\. Exclusions.

11.1 Personal Data Provided to Others. 

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data that you provide
to another User or visitor through the Services or through any other
means, including to Organizers on event pages or information posted by
you to any public areas of the Services. 

11.2 Third Party Links. 

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may
contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by us (the
"Third Party Sites"). The policies and procedures we described here do
not apply to the Third-Party Sites. The links from the Services do not
imply that we endorse or have reviewed the Third-Party Sites. We suggest
contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy
policies. 

11.3 Aggregated Personal Data. 

In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the
Services, we often conduct research on our customer demographics,
interests and behavior based on Personal Data and other information that
we have collected. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an
aggregate basis, and this aggregate information does not identify you
personally, and we therefore consider and treat this data as
Non-Personal Data.

12\. Children.

We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of
eighteen (18). If you are under the age of eighteen (18), please do not
submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and
legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help
enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to
provide Personal Data through the Services without their permission. If
you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided
Personal Data to us through the Services, please contact us, and we will
endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

13\. International Privacy Laws.

If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States, please
be aware that you are sending information (including Personal Data) to
the United States where our servers are located. That information may
then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United
States to other countries outside of your country of residence,
depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. These
countries (including the United States) may not necessarily have data
protection laws.

as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence;
however, our collection, storage and use of your Personal Data will at
all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy. 

14\. Changes To This Privacy Policy.

The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result,
at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy
Policy. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to update or
modify this Privacy Policy at any time (collectively, "Modifications").
Modifications to this Privacy Policy will be posted to the Site with a
change to the \"Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. In
certain circumstances, EventHi may, but need not, provide you with
additional notice of such Modifications, such as via email or with
in-Service notifications. Modifications will be effective thirty (30)
days following the \"Updated" date or such other date as communicated in
any other notice to you. Please review this policy periodically, and
especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was
updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services
following the effectiveness of any Modifications to this Privacy Policy
constitutes acceptance of those Modifications. If any Modification to
this Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, you should cease
accessing, browsing and otherwise using the Services.

15\. Dispute Resolution.

If you have a complaint about EventHi privacy practices you should write
to us at: 

EventHi, Inc., Attn: Privacy Officer, 4410 Glacier Ave, Suite 106, San
Diego, CA 92120, USA, or by email to privacy@eventhi.io. We will take
reasonable steps to work with you to attempt to resolve your complaint.

